README.md, before:

# Wimpy Warlord 👽
![Follow Github](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/wimpywarlord?color=%2317202A&label=Follow%20wimpywarlord&logo=github&style=for-the-badge) ![Follow Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kshitij_dhyani?color=%2317202A&label=Follow%20kshitij_dhyani&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/wimpywarlord/Github_readme_template?color=%2317202A&label=STARS%20%F0%9F%8C%9F&logo=github&style=for-the-badge) 

**I pump iron during the day and smash my keyboard in the night.🐙** 

## Project Title 🐕

One Paragraph of project description goes here

## Getting Started 🎧

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
[![Stay Motivated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stay-Motivated-teal.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.instagram.com/kshitij_dhyani/) [![Think Big](https://img.shields.io/badge/Think-Big-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kshitijdhyani/) [![Work Hard](https://img.shields.io/badge/Work-Hard-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wimpywarlord)
What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

## Installing☔

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Deployment 💡
[![THINK](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stay-Motivated-teal.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wimpywarlord/Mess_It_Up) [![MAKE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Think-Big-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kshitijdhyani/) [![SELL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Work-Hard-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wimpywarlord)
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With 🎯
**A love of some and a little JavaScript**

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing 

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Become my distraction (Social Media)🏅
I am From **New Delhi**<img align="center" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/2924/2924814.svg" alt="drawing" width="5%"/>


|                                                                                     <a href="https://github.com/wimpywarlord"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/JCdtj0v/Whats-App-Image-2020-05-18-at-9-41-11-PM.jpg" width=170px height=165px /></a>                                                                                         |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|                                                                                                                                        **[Kshitij Dhyani](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/41532804?s=460&u=b5b9022dc4dc061a63574b6376a9fc23d3dbf695&v=4)**                                                                                                                                        |
| <a href="https://twitter.com/kshitij_dhyani"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vinitshahdeo/Water-Monitoring-System/master/assets/twitter.png" width="32px" height="32px"></a> <a href="https://www.facebook.com/kshitij.dhyani.3"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vinitshahdeo/Water-Monitoring-System/master/assets/facebook.png" width="32px" height="32px"></a> <a href="www.linkedin.com/in/kshitijdhyani/"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vinitshahdeo/Water-Monitoring-System/master/assets/linkedin.png" width="32px" height="32px"></a> |## License

MIT © [Kshitij Dhyani](https://github.com/wimpywarlord)

## Acknowledgments 💖

* To my family👪  and friends 👫 who always kept me motivated.
* To the community of computer science 💻.

Commit message:

changed-project-title-and-added-paragraph

README.md, after:

# Wimpy Warlord 👽
![Follow Github](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/wimpywarlord?color=%2317202A&label=Follow%20wimpywarlord&logo=github&style=for-the-badge) ![Follow Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/kshitij_dhyani?color=%2317202A&label=Follow%20kshitij_dhyani&logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/wimpywarlord/Github_readme_template?color=%2317202A&label=STARS%20%F0%9F%8C%9F&logo=github&style=for-the-badge) 

**I pump iron during the day and smash my keyboard in the night.🐙** 

## Standard Form 🐕

We planned to make a form website, which will be in use instead of the google forms. This is a great initiative to keep a database of all the people who are interested in our work, thus helping us to update them with our freshly brewed content. This will save a long process of creating a google form, and then editing the basic questions. This project will also be the first project where the whole club will be contributing. 

## Getting Started 🎧

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites
[![Stay Motivated](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stay-Motivated-teal.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.instagram.com/kshitij_dhyani/) [![Think Big](https://img.shields.io/badge/Think-Big-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kshitijdhyani/) [![Work Hard](https://img.shields.io/badge/Work-Hard-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wimpywarlord)
What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

## Installing☔

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo

## Deployment 💡
[![THINK](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stay-Motivated-teal.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wimpywarlord/Mess_It_Up) [![MAKE](https://img.shields.io/badge/Think-Big-orange.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kshitijdhyani/) [![SELL](https://img.shields.io/badge/Work-Hard-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/wimpywarlord)
Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With 🎯
**A love of some and a little JavaScript**

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing 

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Become my distraction (Social Media)🏅
I am From **New Delhi**<img align="center" src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/2924/2924814.svg" alt="drawing" width="5%"/>


|                                                                                     <a href="https://github.com/wimpywarlord"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/JCdtj0v/Whats-App-Image-2020-05-18-at-9-41-11-PM.jpg" width=170px height=165px /></a>                                                                                         |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
|                                                                                                                                        **[Kshitij Dhyani](https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/41532804?s=460&u=b5b9022dc4dc061a63574b6376a9fc23d3dbf695&v=4)**                                                                                                                                        |
| <a href="https://twitter.com/kshitij_dhyani"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vinitshahdeo/Water-Monitoring-System/master/assets/twitter.png" width="32px" height="32px"></a> <a href="https://www.facebook.com/kshitij.dhyani.3"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vinitshahdeo/Water-Monitoring-System/master/assets/facebook.png" width="32px" height="32px"></a> <a href="www.linkedin.com/in/kshitijdhyani/"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vinitshahdeo/Water-Monitoring-System/master/assets/linkedin.png" width="32px" height="32px"></a> |## License

MIT © [Kshitij Dhyani](https://github.com/wimpywarlord)

## Acknowledgments 💖

* To my family👪  and friends 👫 who always kept me motivated.
* To the community of computer science 💻.
